# Credit Card

#### By Alejandro Socarras, Yodel Guanzon, & Kirsten Opstad

#### Credit Card Validator

## Technologies Used

* HTML 
* CSS 
* JS

## Description

### Objectives (MVP)
* Using the inputted card number, create a new set of numbers by transforming each of the digits in the inputted credit card number.
  * Starting on the right and moving left, double every other digit. For example the digit 3 becomes 6.
  * If the result of the doubled digit is a double digit number, add together each digit of the double digit number. For example, the digit 7 doubled becomes 14, adding those together becomes 1 + 4, which results in 5.
* Next, sum all of the digits in the new transformed set of numbers
* If the resulting number ends in a zero, the card number is valid. If the number does NOT end in a zero, the card number is NOT valid. 

### Goals
1. Meet MVP
2. Style Nicely

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Clone this repo to your workspace.
* Navigate to the top level of the directory.
* Open index.html in your browser.

## Known Bugs

* No known bugs. If you find one, please email me at kirsten.opstad@gmail.com with the subject **[_Repo Name_] Bug** and include:
  * BUG: _A brief description of the bug_
  * FIX: _Suggestion for solution (if you have one!)_
  * If you'd like to be credited, please also include your **_github user profile link_**

## Testing

```
Describe: validateCC()

Test: It will return every other digit starting from the right
Code: validateCC("4102 0808 8043 5620")
Expected Output: [0,6,3,0,8,8,2,1]

Test: It will double every other digit starting from the right
Code: validateCC("4102 0808 8043 5620")
Expected Output: [0,12,6,0,16,16,4,2] 

Test: It will sum the digits of any double-digit number generated by the preceding test
Code: validateCC("4102 0808 8043 5620")
Expected Output: [0,3,6,0,7,7,4,2] 

Test: It will replace every other digit starting from the right in the original number with the new values.
Code: validateCC("4102 0808 8043 5620")
Expected Output: [4,2,0,4,0,7,0,7,8,0,4,6,5,3,2,0]

Test: It will sum the digits in the new array. 
Code: validateCC("4102 0808 8043 5620")
Expected Output: 58

Test: It will check if the last digit of the resulting sum is zero and return false if so.
Code: validateCC("4102 0808 8043 5620")
Expected Output: false

```

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Alejandro Socarras, Yodel Guanzon, & Kirsten Opstad

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.